Project Title: Books Reading Application

Project Description

This project aims to create an application that offers a comprehensive book
reading service. The application consists of several main pages:

Home Page This page showcases the company's advantages and features a
call-to-action button to start using the application, redirecting users to the
"Recommended" page. The styling is implemented using examples provided in the
design layout with various color palettes or via a prototype, which enhances the
uniqueness of the project.

Register Page The Register page includes a RegisterForm and a link to the Login
page. The RegisterForm contains inputs for Name, Email, and Password, a submit
button for Registration, and validation using react-hook-form and Yup.

Login Page The Login page includes a LoginForm and a link to the Register page.
The LoginForm contains inputs for Email and Password, a submit button for Log
In, and validation using react-hook-form and Yup.

Main Layout The main layout contains a Header, which is displayed on all pages
for an authenticated user. The Header includes the company logo, navigation
elements (UserNav), and user information (UserBar). It also includes a Log out
button.

Recommended Page The Recommended page consists of a Dashboard panel and a
RecommendedBooks block. The Dashboard contains filters for finding books, a
description of the application functionality, and a static quote block. The
RecommendedBooks block includes a page header, server-side pagination, and a
list of recommended books.

My Library Page The My Library page consists of a Dashboard panel and a
MyLibraryBooks block. The Dashboard contains a form for adding books (AddBook),
a list of recommended books, and a link to the Recommended page. The
MyLibraryBooks block includes a page header, a status filter for books, and a
list of the user's books.

Reading Page The Reading page consists of a Dashboard panel and a MyBook block.
The Dashboard contains a form for starting or stopping reading, and the MyBook
block includes detailed information about the book being read and a progress
tracker.

Key Technologies

Frontend: HTML/CSS, JavaScript, React/Redux API Integration: Connecting with
backend APIs to fetch book data Database: Firebase for storing user-related
information Form Management: Formik for handling form data and validation Design
Mockup and Requirements

Figma Mockup: Figma Design Project Requirements: Detailed below
